{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255;\red178\green34\blue34;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.26100}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\cf1\f0\fs36 Orbital walls: \cf2 No fracture.\cf1 :\cf2 No fracture.\cf1 /Floor fracture is present. Herniation of orbital fat into the maxillary sinus suspicious for entrapment./Floor fracture is present. No imaging evidence of muscle entrapment./Floor fracture is present. No herniation of orbital contents. No imaging evidence of muscle entrapment./Medial wall fracture is present./Lateral wall fracture is present./Roof fracture is present.\par
\par
Orbital rim: \cf2 Intact.\cf1 :\cf2 Intact.\cf1 /Fracture involving the zygomaticomaxillary complex (ZMC/tripod fracture)./Fracture involving the orbital rim./Fracture involving the \cf2 .\cf1\par
\par
Orbital apex: \cf2 Intact.\cf1 :\cf2 Intact.\cf1 /Fractured. Optic canal: intact. No bony fragment impinging the optic nerve./Fractured. Optic canal: intact. A bony fragment is impinging the optic nerve \emdash  urgent ophthalmology consultation recommended./Fractured. Optic canal: narrowed. No bony fragment impinging the optic nerve./Fractured. Optic canal: narrowed. A bony fragment is impinging the optic nerve \emdash  urgent ophthalmology consultation recommended.\par
\par
Globe: \cf2 Normal contour and volume.\cf1 :\cf2 Normal contour and volume.\cf1 /Deformed globe contour (flat tire sign)./Scleral discontinuity is present. \cf2 No intraocular air.\cf1 :\cf2 No intraocular air.\cf1 /Intraocular air is present.\par
\par
Anterior chamber: \cf2 Normal depth.\cf1 :\cf2 Normal depth.\cf1 /Decreased anterior chamber depth, suggesting corneal laceration or lens subluxation. \cf2 No hyphema.\cf1 :\cf2 No hyphema.\cf1 /Hyphema is present.\par
\par
Lens: \cf2 In normal position.\cf1 :\cf2 In normal position.\cf1 /Posteriorly subluxed / dislocated./Anteriorly subluxed./Complete dislocation into vitreous chamber.\par
\par
Posterior segment: \cf2 No vitreous hemorrhage, retinal detachment, or choroidal detachment.\cf1 :\cf2 No vitreous hemorrhage, retinal detachment, or choroidal detachment.\cf1 /Vitreous hemorrhage is present./V-shaped retinal detachment is present./Lentiform choroidal detachment is present.\par
\par
Intraorbital foreign body: \cf2 None identified.\cf1 :\cf2 None identified.\cf1 /Foreign body is present within the globe./Foreign body is present within the intraconal fat./Foreign body is present within the extraconal fat.\par
\par
Superior ophthalmic vein: \cf2 Normal caliber.\cf1 :\cf2 Normal caliber.\cf1 /Dilated \emdash  carotid-cavernous fistula cannot be excluded; CTA recommended.\par
\par
Optic nerve: \cf2 Normal.\cf1 :\cf2 Normal.\cf1 /Compressed by fracture fragment./Transected.\par
\par
Extraocular muscles: \cf2 Normal.\cf1 :\cf2 Normal.\cf1 /present\cf2 muscle is entrapped / displaced.\cf1\par
\par
Retrobulbar hematoma: \cf2 Absent.\cf1 :\cf2 Absent.\cf1 /Present. Proptosis: \cf2 Absent.\cf1 :\cf2 Absent.\cf1 /Present.\par
\par
}
 {\xml}<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf8"?><autotext version="2" editMode="2"><fields><field type="3" start="15" length="396"><name>No fracture.</name><defaultvalue>No fracture.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">No fracture.</choice><choice name="">Floor fracture is present. Herniation of orbital fat into the maxillary sinus suspicious for entrapment.</choice><choice name="">Floor fracture is present. No imaging evidence of muscle entrapment.</choice><choice name="">Floor fracture is present. No herniation of orbital contents. No imaging evidence of muscle entrapment.</choice><choice name="">Medial wall fracture is present.</choice><choice name="">Lateral wall fracture is present. </choice><choice name="">Roof fracture is present.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="426" length="148"><name>Intact.</name><defaultvalue>Intact.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Intact.</choice><choice name="">Fracture involving the zygomaticomaxillary complex (ZMC/tripod fracture).</choice><choice name="">Fracture involving the orbital rim.</choice><choice name="">Fracture involving the</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="1" start="575" length="1"><name>.</name><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="592" length="423"><name>Intact.</name><defaultvalue>Intact.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Intact.</choice><choice name="">Fractured. Optic canal: intact. No bony fragment impinging the optic nerve.</choice><choice name="">Fractured. Optic canal: intact. A bony fragment is impinging the optic nerve &#x2014; urgent ophthalmology consultation recommended.</choice><choice name="">Fractured. Optic canal: narrowed. No bony fragment impinging the optic nerve.</choice><choice name="">Fractured. Optic canal: narrowed. A bony fragment is impinging the optic nerve &#x2014; urgent ophthalmology consultation recommended.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="1024" length="128"><name>Normal contour and volume.</name><defaultvalue>Normal contour and volume.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Normal contour and volume.</choice><choice name="">Deformed globe contour (flat tire sign).</choice><choice name="">Scleral discontinuity is present.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="1153" length="67"><name>No intraocular air.</name><defaultvalue>No intraocular air.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">No intraocular air.</choice><choice name="">Intraocular air is present.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="1240" length="112"><name>Normal depth.</name><defaultvalue>Normal depth.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Normal depth.</choice><choice name="">Decreased anterior chamber depth, suggesting corneal laceration or lens subluxation.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="1353" length="43"><name>No hyphema.</name><defaultvalue>No hyphema.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">No hyphema.</choice><choice name="">Hyphema is present.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="1404" length="139"><name>In normal position.</name><defaultvalue>In normal position.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">In normal position.</choice><choice name="">Posteriorly subluxed / dislocated.</choice><choice name="">Anteriorly subluxed.</choice><choice name="">Complete dislocation into vitreous chamber.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="1564" length="252"><name>No vitreous hemorrhage, retinal detachment, or choroidal detachment.</name><defaultvalue>No vitreous hemorrhage, retinal detachment, or choroidal detachment.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">No vitreous hemorrhage, retinal detachment, or choroidal detachment.</choice><choice name="">Vitreous hemorrhage is present.</choice><choice name="">V-shaped retinal detachment is present.</choice><choice name="">Lentiform choroidal detachment is present.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="1845" length="177"><name>None identified.</name><defaultvalue>None identified.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">None identified.</choice><choice name="">Foreign body is present within the globe.</choice><choice name="">Foreign body is present within the intraconal fat.</choice><choice name="">Foreign body is present within the extraconal fat.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="2050" length="104"><name>Normal caliber.</name><defaultvalue>Normal caliber.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Normal caliber.</choice><choice name="">Dilated &#x2014; carotid-cavernous fistula cannot be excluded; CTA recommended.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="2169" length="60"><name>Normal.</name><defaultvalue>Normal.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Normal.</choice><choice name="">Compressed by fracture fragment.</choice><choice name="">Transected.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="2252" length="23"><name>Normal.</name><defaultvalue>Normal.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Normal.</choice><choice name="">present</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="1" start="2275" length="32"><name>muscle is entrapped / displaced.</name><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="2331" length="24"><name>Absent.</name><defaultvalue>Absent.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Absent.</choice><choice name="">Present.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field><field type="3" start="2367" length="24"><name>Absent.</name><defaultvalue>Absent.</defaultvalue><choices><choice name="">Absent.</choice><choice name="">Present.</choice></choices><customproperties><property><name>AllCaps</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>AllowEmpty</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>ImpressionField</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>DoesNotIndicateFindings</name><value>False</value></property><property><name>FindingsCodes</name><value></value></property><property><name>EnforcePickList</name><value>False</value></property></customproperties></field></fields><links /><textSource><range type="3" start="15" length="12" /><range type="3" start="28" length="12" /><range type="3" start="426" length="7" /><range type="3" start="434" length="7" /><range type="1" start="575" length="1" /><range type="3" start="592" length="7" /><range type="3" start="600" length="7" /><range type="3" start="1024" length="26" /><range type="3" start="1051" length="26" /><range type="3" start="1153" length="19" /><range type="3" start="1173" length="19" /><range type="3" start="1240" length="13" /><range type="3" start="1254" length="13" /><range type="3" start="1353" length="11" /><range type="3" start="1365" length="11" /><range type="3" start="1404" length="19" /><range type="3" start="1424" length="19" /><range type="3" start="1564" length="68" /><range type="3" start="1633" length="68" /><range type="3" start="1845" length="16" /><range type="3" start="1862" length="16" /><range type="3" start="2050" length="15" /><range type="3" start="2066" length="15" /><range type="3" start="2169" length="7" /><range type="3" start="2177" length="7" /><range type="3" start="2252" length="7" /><range type="3" start="2260" length="7" /><range type="1" start="2275" length="32" /><range type="3" start="2331" length="7" /><range type="3" start="2339" length="7" /><range type="3" start="2367" length="7" /><range type="3" start="2375" length="7" /></textSource><snippetGroups /></autotext>